[DOC] add agrident wedge documentation (#12)
Coppernic/coppernic.github.io: applications/agrident_wedge.md

Agrident Wedge
=====

Introduction
------------
This application demonstrates how to use the Agrident Wedge application on a C-One² with LF Agrident RFID reader.
The application is composed of two parts:

 - Agrident Wedge Settings (AW Settings)
 - Agrident Wedge Scan (AW Scan)

Prerequisites
-------------

> ### C-One² iCLass

Author: pour le coup c C-One² Agrident que tu voulais mettre dans ta suggestion?

 - CoreServices version 1.9.0 and above must be installed on the device.

> 

Reviewer: Faut-il indiquer que cette appli est téléchargeable depuis F-Droid ?

Reviewer 2: Oui tu as raison, à condition de le faire sur chaque article où l'on cite une app téléchargeable sur Fdroid.

Author: Ok. C'est toi qui t'en occupe Kamel?

What is a keyboard wedge?
-------------------------

A keyboard wedge is an application that can acquire data and send it directly in the keyboard buffer, just as if it was typed on a virtual keyboard.

> Coppernic's wedge applications add a deeper integration capability by using Android intent in order to send reader's events (successful read or read failure).

Reviewer: Ou sont les specs de l'intent ?

Author: Ells sont dans le readme du github qui s'affiche sur la page C-one agrident.

Reviewer: Est-ce que tu veux bien intégrer le contenu de ce readme dans la doc ? Je voudrais limiter la spec technique présente sur Github.

Agrident settings
--------------
Agrident Settings allows confuring wedge for the Sound, Timeout and so on...

![](_images/agrident_settings.png)

 - Scan Sound : play a sound after a good or bad scan.
 - Scan Display : display an icon while scanning.
 - Scan Timeout : allow setting time in seconds while the device is trying to read a tag.
 - Agrident Service startup boot : when it is enabled, the service will start automatically when the device boot.
 - Continuous Read : read continuously untils service is stopped or screen turns off.
 - Keyboard Wedge : when enabled, it will send result to the keyboard buffer. It is still broadcasting Intents.
 - Scan Enter : add a carriage return of the data read in keyboard buffer.
 - Remove leading 0 : Remove 0 of first data send

Agrident Wedge Scan
---------
 This application just start a scan to read an LF tag.

>  You can use it remapping this application to on (or more) of the 3 programmable button. You can do it on the device in Settings > Remap key & shortcut.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 You can use it remapping this application to one (or more) of the 3 programmable buttons. You can do it on the device in Settings > Remap key & shortcut.
```

![](_images/agrident_settings.png)

 - Scan Sound: plays a sound after a good or bad read.
 - Scan Display: displays an icon while reader is scanning.
 - Scan Timeout: allows setting time in seconds while the device is trying to read a tag.
 - Agrident Service startup boot: when enabled, the service will start automatically when the device boots.
 - Continuous Read: reads continuously until service is stopped or screen turns off.
 - Keyboard Wedge: when enabled, it will send result to the keyboard buffer. It is still broadcasting Intents.
 - Scan Enter: adds a carriage return of the data read in keyboard buffer.
 - Remove leading 0: Remove 0 from the first data sent.

Agrident Wedge Scan
---------
 This application just starts a scan to read an LF tag.
 You can use it remapping this application to one (or more) of the 3 programmable buttons. You can do it on the device in Settings > Remap key & shortcut.

 Using Agrident Wedge as a regular keyboard wedge
 --------
 - Remap the Agrident Wedge application to one (or more) of the 3 programmable buttons of the C-One
 - Push the button
 - Data will be sent as keyboard entries directly to the system

>  Using Agrident Wedge with intents

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 Using Agrident Wedge with Intents.
```
